Your mother smells of cabbage
You smell of cabbage
You're a cabbage eating son of a bitch
You's a trick ass bitch
If I had a dollar for every brain you dont have, I would have one dollar
Do you even lift bro?
I bet you listen to Nickleback
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
The only positive thing about you is your HIV status
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example
You're like STDs, nobody wants you, everyone hates you and it proves your parents should have used protection
Are you always an idiot or just when I'm around?
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
A half-wit gave you a piece of his mind, and you held on to it
After meeting you, I’ve decided I am in favor of abortion in cases of incest
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn’t have given you worse advice
Are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
Are you brain-dead?
Are your parents siblings?
Before you came along we were hungry. Now we are fed up
Better at sex than anyone, now all he needs is a partner
Calling you stupid would be an insult to stupid people
Did you eat paint chips when you were a kid?
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you’d had enough oxygen at birth?
Do you want me to accept you as you are or do you want me to like you?
Don’t feel bad. A lot of people have no talent!
Don’t let your mind wander — it’s too little to be let out alone.
Don’t think, it may sprain your brain!
Every person has the right to be ugly, but you abused the privilege
Everyone is gifted. Some open the package sooner
Excellent time to become a missing person
Go ahead, tell them everything you know. It’ll only take 10 seconds
If brains were rain, you'd be a desert
If I ever need a brain transplant, I’d choose yours because I’d want a brain that had never been used
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
If I want any shit outta you I’ll squeeze your head
If I wanted to hear from an ass, I’d fart
If I were as ugly as you are, I wouldn’t say hello, I’d say boo!
If idiots could fly, this would be an airport
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic
If we were to kill everybody who hates you, it wouldn’t be murder; it would be genocide!
If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you get change back
Ignorance can be cured. Stupid is forever
I’ll never forget the first time we met – although I’ll keep trying
I’m busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
I’m not as dumb as you look
It is mind over matter. I don’t mind, because you don’t matter
I’ve come across decomposed bodies that are less offensive than you are
I’ve seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
Keep talking, someday you’ll say something intelligent!
Make somebody happy. Mind your own business.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live
People say that you are outspoken but not by anyone that I know of
Perhaps your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others
What color is the sky in your world?
What you lacks in intelligence, you more than makes up for in stupidity.
When I look into your eyes, I see the back of your head
You are as strong as an ox and almost as intelligent
But when one gets to know you better, one hates you
You’re so ugly, you had tinted windows on your incubator
You’ve got your head so far up your ass you can chew your food twice
You’re like one of those “idiot savants,” except without the “savant” part
You’re nobody’s fool. Let’s see if we can get someone to adopt you
You’re not yourself today. I noticed the improvement immediately
You’re so fat you laid down in the ocean and Spain claimed you as the New World
You’re so fat, when you wear a yellow rain coat people scream ”taxi”
You’re so slow it takes you an hour and a half to watch “Sixty Minutes”
You’re the best at all you do – and all you do is make people hate you
The thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you
I don't engage in mental combat with the unarmed
You look like a before picture
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away
