"gG" - Murkya
"lel" - crappyrules
"<:t_wojak:414195596912754688>" - Zpalmtree
"i haven't eaten any biscuits in two days ok" - Zpalmtree
"did u do ur neck today bro" - Murkya
"just go up to her and flex ur neck" - Murkya
"Did u lads hit neck today?" - Murkya
"now do 100 neck curls" - Murkya
"One day ur neck will be so big" - Murkya
"lets all do neck curls in unison bruhs" - Murkya
"i hope u measured ur neck b4 u started the neck curls" - Murkya
"ive been doing neck curls daily for a monh and i added an inch to my neck" - Murkya
"she saw u got those neck gains" - Murkya
"did u do ur necks-ercise today?" - Murkya
"Bamboozle = Banboozle" - Hai
"I dont only talk about necks" - Murkya
"This portrays me as a neck exercise autist savant" - Murkya
"That shit hurt guys Didnt feel good at all" - Extra
"atone for your sins in the cleansing pain" - Murkya
"You have pretty eyes" - Extra
"yep JUSTED by the magnesium japs" - Extra
"girls are like shitcoins you have to pnd them" - hai
"omg i am like 5'5 5'6 jesus christ i didnt know i was this much of a manlet. JUST FUCK MY SHIT UP" - Zpalmtree
"Hehe sleep is a figment of your imagination invented by the patriarchy to suppress your potential" - RockSteady
"Bebop tried to happy easter me and I was like your folks killed Jesus you don’t happy me anything" -RockSteady
"trtl.imhard4.men is the best pool" - hai
"I believed in paper blockchain technology" - hai
"I have heavy bags" - hai
"anime is not gay" - Zpalmtree
"Socket error FUCK I WANNA JAM A FUCKING SCREWDRIVER DOWN THE EYE OF MY COCK" - bvlee
"Allah Ackbar" - General of Taliban Bvlee
"I can't cum unless this bitch is crying" - crappy
"I WAS PROMISED A VISIT FROM MR SHITTYDICK TODAY!!!  WHERE THE FUCK IS HE?" - crappy
"did u fuck her face" - Murkya
"Why did I stay up to get cucked like this" - hai
"I have 2 coins" -hai
"even gays don't like manlets" - hai
"I've had amphetamin dick" -hai
"How about a hat" -hai
"gym's closed <:t_wojak:414195596912754688>" - Buggle
"The gym is closed today" - hai
"Extra I will take the next flight out to denver and fuck u in ur boipussy i swear to god. U do ur fuckin neck" - Murkya
"bro she already looks like she her own mom" -Murkya
"My ex is gonna be sorry she left me when she sees my thicc stronk neck <:t_mono:413861614039859222>" - Extra
"Man Everytime I feel like life's just kicking me when I'm down Extra reminds me it's always worse for him" - thornfalk
"Once the autism takes over you can't stop" - hai
"Man Everytime I feel like life's just kicking me when I'm down Extra reminds me it's always worse for him" - thornfalk
"The DARE program assured that kids round the world knew how to spot a quality joint and know how to smoke it. You can’t science the value on that. You just cant" - Rock
"My test is probably low" -hai
"once you go black i turn my back" - hai
"How do you suggest" - Buggles
"im gonna put on some autistic mid 2000s jpop and crank out 500 reps of 5 lbs" - Murkya
">letting your penis steal the bloodflow that your muscles need. DYEL bro?" - Extra
"I'm gonna castrate my buddy" - Speedy
"You guys are a bunch of fucking normies" - Hai
"how 2 meet 14 year olds" - Zpalmtree
"extra's pretty good looking no homo" - Zpalmtree
"MY HANDS SMELL LIKE FUCKING SOUE DOUGH BREAD AND SO DOES MY PHONE" - speedy
"One day I will not have tits as big as my coworkers" - Speedy
"Go measure your neck RIGHT FUCKING NOW" - Extra
"Picnic this dick in her ass" - Extra
"it's getting easier" - Buggles
"I was thinking of skipping neck today" - Murkya
"I've unironically thought about getting laser hair removal for my asshole" - Extra
"buggles u say that 1 more time and i will fly out to wherever u are and slap that negativity out of u, u is beautiful, u is valid" - Murkya
"my ass is ready daddy" - Buggles
"D E P R E S S I O N" - hai
"u would wear makeup u prettyboy fagit" - Murkya
"I spent the last few minutes taking goatse pics of myself to try to see what was going on lmao" -Extra
"I'm smarter than you" - madk
"The height of how Alpha I am knows no limits" - Alien
"The Buggles Heresy" - Murkya
"I've always been autistic" - Madk
"just get a gf / bf or whatever and have sex" - madk
"What do you have to lose. a few faps?" - murkya
"Im an alien. Im not from this world. I dont understand your kind" - alien
"I need MEAT NOW" - extra
"so warm, so juicy, so tender, moist but firm" - buggles
"Hai has the worst quotes. Does he just not say anything memorable?" - extra
"Because i want to charm that nignog" - extra
"Holy fuck i thought i ate the whole tub of cottage cheese. But another one appeared. Full." - extra
"My dick doesn't even work rn" - extra
"I need to eat caloriez" - extra
"p....put it up your butt" - murkya
"lad just skin it and fry it up" - buggles
"not rat n cheese?" - buggles
"hashdownload.geocities.net" - alien
"You might save us from being broke before stupid shit asshole zpalm" - hai
"My knee hurts from eating shit" - Extra
"Don't quote me you fucks" - Turtle?
"That's not because of eating, unless you've been eating dicks" - Turtle?
">not buying a urethral sounding toy" - buggles
"it's a a think that goes in ur pee hole" - buggles
"can we train dick" - zpalm
"I just did 100,000 cock pushups then fucked mkid's mom" - crappyrules
"SNOW ON THE GROUND IT'S COLD MY KNEE HURTS MY COCK IS HARD MY CRYPTO IS DOWN MINING PROFITS ARE ASS" - Extra
"I'm still stronger than you will ever be Murkya. My neck makes your neck look like a babies neck." - Alien
"I wish Murkya would shut up about necks before I start breaking necks" - Alien
"don't let ur dreams be memes" - Murkya
"I just want to achieve hypermasculinity" - Extra
"Way to kiss ass guys" - Alien
"so fucking horny rn" - zpalm
"Can I put a chocolate chip cookie in a smoothir?" - extra
"oh my god just google it I have no idea I like IPBC if you don't then whatever!" - madk
"not fapping will no longer be an option" - murkya
"Dude, look at those wizards" - crappy
"Bitch I will make sure your ass is sore if you touch mine" - speedy
"I don't want to gas all the kikes, just the greedy ones." - crappy
"i hope he goes rambo on that rectum" - murkya
"No she doesn't want to fart on me... well maybe she does" - madk
"I've never even been on r9k" - extra
"Post dick in a non-homo way" - extra
"GIVE ME THE PICS OR I'LL FIND THEM MYSELF" - extra
"POST TITS OR I'M POSTING MY TITS" - extra
"It's like 15.25 at the base" - extra
"Imma get some fat bitch to tongue punch my fartbox" - crappy
"Tfw no matter how many dead rats in my freezer she'll never come back" - extra
"Fuck im coming puppos" - extrahash
"I'm not going to murder anyone or hurt anyone lad" - buggles
"I got the dick to spare" - extra
"You might rape people - hai" "Well i'm good at not getting caught doing stuff so - extra"
"does it do anything to your penis" - buggles
"its an anime dating sim, its really cute" - murkya
"steroids for babies?" - murkya
"yo fuck off" - zpalm
"id do the same thing. and touch myself lol. parents got worried" - buggles
"I discovered masturabation. Oh man it went downhill from there. My brother thought I was literally autistic" - hai
"Mkid is old news. Bot needs an upgrade so we can add anyones comments to it and then do $username for anybody.. Can anyone code that?" -Crim
"when i get mad and see a tranny getting bulli i feel better" - buggles
"alien probably has a 20 incher" - murkya
"Girls are so fucking weird" - extra
"HER BREATH SMELLS LIKE CHAD DICK SHE LOVES THE PENIS" - bvlee
"nicely made wooden stuff isn't so common anymore" - Zpalmtree
"i've had sex with 15 women and i hate most days im alive" - alien
"I'mma get my balls and my ass amputated" - bvlee
"My only regret is going out with a 14 incher" - extra
"I mean, all he would have to do is blow me off" - crappy
"You lads want explosives?" - crappy
"Mkid aka Ex Navy Seal Current homosexual" - alien
"women are evil" - alien
"Eventually, you'll get real lonely and those gay dudes mouths won't look so bad" - crappy
"when you poop it will take pictures of your penis and they mail them to you to buy publishers clearing house magazines" -Buggles
"YOU RIPPED MY FUCKING PANTS" - Zpalmtree
"nibble on them and lick them" - buggles
"anime girls and necks only" - hai
"he wasn't even that bad of a guy honestly, he killed a couple people" -madk
"once again, I am smarter than you." - madk
"I think death is better than life" - alien
"Quote me you whore" - Alien
"I'M STARTING TO GET ANGRY"-Extra
"i fap to that girl that killed herself because people made fun of her for doing porn" - Alien
"madk, your tipbot fucking sucks" - crappy
"Breaking news: young man dies to death with a crushed head" - Extra aka IQ 180
"its fine" -Alien
"i havent received a text message in over a month" -Alien
"I bet she would fart on you for some weed" -Buggles
"When alien is a downer: humor, articulate, funny and touching stories -Murkya aka fit bro
"Attitudes change quickly when dicks are involved and faces are shoved into pillows" -Crappyrules
"when you nut on her face scream WU TANG like Dave Chappelle" - Alien
"I'm not mediocre" - extra
"i don't think i've ever talked to a woman" - Zpalm
"If I was your dick, I'd pack up my balls and fucking leave you" -Crappy
"Maybe just a quick drink of my semen" - extra
"lad I bet she would let out some wet braps and not wipe then want it in her turd cutter"- Buggles on 40+ days nofap
"I blame the trannies" - fag hater madk
"Miss piggy is talking about how she use to shit in the woods when she lived in Oaklahoma because she lived in a shed" - Extra
"I hate people " -crappy
"I believe I can one day be happy and content and so should u guys." - madk
"I want to bend cinderella over and ass fuck her while she's wearing that dress" - crappy
"I was wrong" - Zpalm
"I love the gays" -Madk
"if youre really so depressed about being a manlet, become gay" - Madk
"Blood or semen?" - extra
"Let me cum in your cooter then leave on my scooter" - turtle?
"I didnt get shot, I was getting fucked in a gay brothel all weekend. Ass still hurts" - Crappy
"mmmm who has potatoes?" - miss piggy
"Did you powerfuck her asshole after that" - extra
"InterCuntinental Bitch Molester" - speedy
"NO RAPE" - speedy
"chomps at dick angrily" - murk
"I don't care speedy bite my cock" - extra
"Asking extra not to snitch is like asking a cat not to meow" -Murkya
"Your job as a man is to spread your speed in as man fertal vaginas as possible" -Alien
"am i the only one who thinks dick smells good (no homo)" - Zpalm
"just some guys nutting" - Zpalm
"Let him piss on me" - Buggles
"My dad got really mad I spent all day on the internet, playing with asians and shit" - hai
"I forgot about extra giving him that money. Thats probably the coolest thing ive seen someone do in this chat" -Alien
"im gay" - Extra
"I will admit i do enjoy a good tentacle fuck every now and then" - Extra
"I don't care half of you are NEETS" -Extra
"but i want it no strings attatched milk and does anal" - buggles
"Cheese milk" - Extra
"Shut up extra" - Extra
"I would tell her how fat she looked all the time and listening to her puking in my bathroom made me hard as hell" - crappy
"I used to fuck a chick with short hair who's name was Carrie.  She was flat af and anorexic.  I called her Larry and introduced her as my little boy toy" - crappy
"Heading into church right now.  Wish me luck"-crappy
"My autism hurts me" - Extra
"I love meat" -Extra
"I'm beating off at the gym" - extra
"My ass is getting big idk what u mean" - extra
"Quitting monsters is harder than no fap" - hai
"pull your pants down and thump the lower pubic area with ur pointing finger" -Buggles
"So u pull back explosively is what you're saying. Fast and hard -Extra
"Trap semen will make u a soyboy" - extra
"I used to shill the wii u on /v/ almost daily" - alien
"How does one aquire a feminine penis, asking for a friend" - Zpalm
"is it the forbidden fruit? feminine penis" - buggles
"Feminine penis" - Zpalm
"damn i want some feminine penis" - hai
"there is nothing wrong with a feminie penis" - wesley
"buggles pls dont be a gay furry" - murkya
"just want something thicc to blast with batter lads" - buggles
"God look selling your body whore" - hai
"I'm a urinecoin whale" -crappy
"ur lips just naturally belong around cock?" - murkya
"Would you blow me for .12 xmr" - hai
"don't believe me?" - bvlee
"thank you for spitting on my penis it's much appreciated" - buggles
"3 virulent young lads spitting on your penis in unison" - extra
"@MADK WANTS HIS MONEY BACK they wont stop spitting on my dick" - buggles
"Press S to spit on buggles penis" - extra
"HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY HITLER!" - crappy
"I'm kicking off the race war!" - crappy
"just add mixins to BTC" - bvlee
"Dude i shoot out huge loads" - extra
"Fuck u soyboys i'm gonna plant my seed" - extra
"If only i could reproduce asexually" - extra
"There's this really cute kid in the waiting room of my office rn" - extra
"those are my goddamn shit coins and they cant have them" - Alien
"Cocks on the brain" - extra
"Text him your flurbo public key written on your penis in sharpie" - Extra
"I fucked a girl" - Extra
"Stick your minipenis in her miniclam in your minivan" - Alien
"Stick ur pp in that girl" - extra
"run a train on the school and disappear" - buggles
"Bend her over and make her brap" -Buggles
"I'm going to fucking kill myself" - speedy
"you should try a tranny sometime lad" - buggles
"Sometimes you just have to stick your dick in her mouth until it hits her throat. If she pukes, she pukes." - Alien
"Don't date her if you can overhead press her" -extra
"You think I like blacks?" - hai
"What's a 'landline'" - Extra
"dipping chips in cookie butter" - buggles
"Well that's just racially insensitive" - extra
"nothing wrong with boi pucci lad" - buggles
"There are so many underage girls in here" - extra
"literally everything i say is a meme" - Zpalm
"just go eat a blueberry bagel you fag, stop being sad" - Aliens friend who doesnt know anything about depression
"its fine" - Alien when things arent fine
"Shut the fuck up Extra" - Extra and basically everyone else
"Just remember that you're doing a good job and everyone here is proud of you" -Alien
"we're all gonna make it" -Zpalm
'*slaps cock angrily against tummy like a battle drum*' -Murkya
"\*sigh\*" - Extra
"pizza pizza" - Buggles
"j-just a prank" - Extra
"the one dude said something in chink to the other ones and next thing I know I felt like I was in the middle of a bukkake party" -Crappy
"She's some kind of mexican" - extra
"Just take her to your room and start rubbing up on her" - Extra
'Plenty of people are happily married and have kids. I don't know why you guys are always so cynical about everything. I believe I can one day be happy and content and so should u guys.' -madk
'you can still fuck my face bby' -Zpalm in a wig
"I'll make your throat feel like a pussy" - purzhyon
"I've never tasted my own dick" - extra
'extra mom: "what u aint man enough to fuck ur own mother? i knew i raised a fuckin pussy"' -Murk
"By fucking the weights as hard as I can I can show her how bad i want to fuck her in the braphole" - extra
"get your taint/ass licked while your cock gets fuckin cranked while high" - buggles
"theyre on their knees with their lil doe eyes looking up then HNGHGNGHGHGNGHGN \*splurt\*" - buggles
"i always referred to Cherry Garcia as 'the Alien of icecreams'' - Murkya
"nice lets get you turned on again" - buggles
"My ass is bleeding really bad today :(" - Extra Flow
"turtle isn't ever gonna moon" - crappy
"How long would it take to bleed out in the bath?" -Turtle?
"i crave death. that is my question" - hai
"sometimes one smell can overpower another, shit may have been better lad" - buggles
'i post on 4chan when my gf isn't looking' -madkuck
'/me barfs spaget out of ass' -Madk
'just put some Vaseline on it every now and then you fucking idiot. That's basically all hemorrhoid cream is anyways is  Vaseline. Stay hydrated and stop straining while shitting. I'm sure deadlifting more weight than you can handle will be good for it though. Why am I either bothering? I hope you bleed out by hemorrhoid and they find you in a puddle of asshole blood' -Alien
"ur just salty that he has a gf who is down af for him and u have nothing ur all alone with ur nothingness" - Murkya banting Extra into submission
"extra, you fucking moron.  I'm so tired of hearing about your asshole." - crappy
"Extra is slowly bleeding to death out of his asshole" - murkya
"Bet it looks even better when a lad goes into him" - Extra
"I'm a good judge of character" - Extra
'I'm an entrepreneur u guys just don't get it I'm the boss the guy who makes shit happens' -bvlee
"26/5/2018 the Alien Heresy" - murkya
'myprotein is a good site' -murk
'Actually i buy whatever I want with my $75k at under 21 years old lol' -bvlee
" I'll find you faster than any doxxer you know" - mkid2
"I talk when I'm done talking But thanks tho idiot" - bvlee
"sorry my penis is so small" - Extra Small
"madk is a pussy" - Based Zpalm
"yo im down as fuck to gangbang extras mom with everyone in this discord"- Murkya gagbang bro
'I don't get cucked' -madk
"I will rape your dead corpse and titty fuck you bvlee" -Author Unknown
"Fuck off madk" - Extra
"pebus trident attack" - buggles
'why dont you have half naked pics of hai on your phone' -Alien
"I'm a shitty bored wageslave desperately searching reddit for a quick chuckle before I go home to a wife that cucks me" - madk
"Nothing wrong with a fatty gents. They need loving too.. just make sure they. Put out.. or put them out" - bbandit
"what if he gets one of those sex swings and the anchors fall out the ceiling while she sprays him with a hearty dook" - Buggles
"Have a kid and youll never be sad another day in your life. Its like a buddy thats always there " -Murkyaaay
"Tfw we're all really just one incredibly schizophrenic person talking to themselves" -  Extra
"if I can't fuck extra or his mom I'll settle for his sister" - murkya, probably
"Nah she's just a stupid cunt that doesn't know how to open her legs for a real nigga" - Extra in reference to the love of his life
'you are the epitome of toxic masculinity' -zpalm in reference to extra
'I'm 5'11" and happy with my body' -madk
"i'm better than you"-Zpalm
'You're all faggots' -Alien
"Sometimes when you guys are at church I do that command so I can feel like you're banting me" - The loneliest boy Extra
"I want to have a bukaki party with a buncha lemons" -bbanditt
"Wtf is this shithole" - Issac Hayes
"I bet people were happier back in the day when they lived on a big farm in the middle of no where, laid around fucking and growing corn waiting to die happily at the ripe old age of 37" - Alien
"Don't worry guys. Butthole is safe." - alien
"I have pretty high standards generally" - Extra
"hes gonna fuck ur ass like a pussy" - murk
"the next frontier of dildonics" - buggles
"I really fucked up this time" - Extra
"we will begin with a dinner containing oysters, and assorted mollusks, with rich leafy green vegetables in butter, then we will have cocktails containing ginger, after that we will slow down with music on, carefully selected ofc because we're telling a story, one to fap to, finally once you are done bathing and having lavender soap rubbed on your sore spots you will take your position on a nice bed with soft covers, then finally you will imbibe this elixir I have honed over the years, dont worry you wont lose conscious but we are gaining more tonight, soon you will know the depth of your body" - Buggles seducing Extra
"i wanna fuck extras mom so hard that extra feels it" - Murkya
'no for drugs it will just be weed' -madk about his wedding day
"I'd fug my sister if I had one and she was hot" - turtle
"She's going to taste like tangerines" -Extra
'Cuck ur dad' -purzhyon
"everytime I feel the demons creeping up, I put a shotgun in my mouth to keep them back down" - Crappy aka handling his mental issues
"He threatened to stab crappy in the neck" - turtle traders
"Stick to fucking tinder whores and collecting std's crypto isn't for you lad" - Turtle?
"AITE GUVNAR FANCY A PLOW IN THE SHITTER LOVE?" - Zpalm
"I took 2 bullets saving his worthless black ass.  and he knows I'd kill him if he fucked me" - crappy
"fuck the fuck off" - murkya
- Yo, Alien, I'm really happy for you, I'ma let you finish, but Extra had one of the best conversations of all time! - Extra
"you're useless extra" -Fexra
"Nobody ever died from drugs" - Extra
"That sounds gay as fuck and I am definitely down" - extra
"imblying alien cares about anything other than how awful hes feeling at any given moment in time" - Murkya
